README.MD, before:

-	All Arcmage logo's in /Arcmage/logo is licensed under a
	Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License,
	see <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/>

-	All art found in /WT is original art created for WTactics (c) - 
    an open source CCG (WTactics.org). 
	
-   A searchable collection preview is available at https://arcmage.org/artwork/
	
-   The art is licensed under a
    Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
	(As of 5 august 2018 - Artwork committed before this date is also licensed under GPLv3)
	
-   You should have received a copy of the license along with this
    work. If not, see <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/>.
	
-	If you have questions or are in doubt, please feel free to contact us at
	contact@WTactics.org or admin@arcmage.org

-   Featured Samples ([more samples](SAMPLES.MD))
<p float="left">
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Ancestral%20Spirit%20Tree/Ancestral%20Spirit%20Tree_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Ar An Imeall"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Ar%20An%20Imeall/Ar%20An%20Imeall_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Archer"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Archer/Archer_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Armory"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Armory/Armory_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Axe"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Axe/Axe_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Babies"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Babies/Babies_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Band Of Brothers"/>
</p>
	
~

Our Artists
 
Santiago Iborra (santiago@quellion.com) 
 - All artwork in /WT except for the pieces below
 
Nico Goeminne
 - Knight

Liza Alyakova
 - Elvish Item Set1
 - Elvish Item Set2
 - Human Item Set1
 - Orc Item Set1
 - Roman Item Set1
 
Unrealsmoker (BramastaAji / mbah baji)
 - Elven Sword
 - Elven Bag
 - Potion Bottle
 - Small Potion
 - Eternal protection 
 - Unshackled
 - Erode
 - Kisses Male
 - Female Kisses
 - Bow
 - Axe
 - Donations for recovery
 - Focus
 - Guard
 - Protection
 - Serenity
 - Male Elf Reading
 - Books
 - Raven
 
Kathrin Polikeit
 - Female Elf Caster
 - Archer
 - Druid

Commit message:

- added a new piece by Chris Wilson (from Londen)

README.MD, after:

-	All Arcmage logo's in /Arcmage/logo is licensed under a
	Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License,
	see <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/>

-	All art found in /WT is original art created for WTactics (c) - 
    an open source CCG (WTactics.org). 
	
-   A searchable collection preview is available at https://arcmage.org/artwork/
	
-   The art is licensed under a
    Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
	(As of 5 august 2018 - Artwork committed before this date is also licensed under GPLv3)
	
-   You should have received a copy of the license along with this
    work. If not, see <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/>.
	
-	If you have questions or are in doubt, please feel free to contact us at
	contact@WTactics.org or admin@arcmage.org

-   Featured Samples ([more samples](SAMPLES.MD))
<p float="left">
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Ancestral%20Spirit%20Tree/Ancestral%20Spirit%20Tree_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Ar An Imeall"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Ar%20An%20Imeall/Ar%20An%20Imeall_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Archer"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Archer/Archer_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Armory"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Armory/Armory_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Axe"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Axe/Axe_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Babies"/>
<img height="100px" src="/WT/Babies/Babies_150.png?raw=true"  Alt="Band Of Brothers"/>
</p>
	
~

Our Artists
 
Santiago Iborra (santiago@quellion.com) 
 - All artwork in /WT except for the pieces below
 
Chris Wilson (from Londen), not to mistake for the Chris Wilson from Battle for Wesnoth (a.k.a Valkier)
 - Spider Woman
 
Nico Goeminne
 - Knight

Liza Alyakova
 - Elvish Item Set1
 - Elvish Item Set2
 - Human Item Set1
 - Orc Item Set1
 - Roman Item Set1
 
Unrealsmoker (BramastaAji / mbah baji)
 - Elven Sword
 - Elven Bag
 - Potion Bottle
 - Small Potion
 - Eternal protection 
 - Unshackled
 - Erode
 - Kisses Male
 - Female Kisses
 - Bow
 - Axe
 - Donations for recovery
 - Focus
 - Guard
 - Protection
 - Serenity
 - Male Elf Reading
 - Books
 - Raven
 
Kathrin Polikeit
 - Female Elf Caster
 - Archer
 - Druid
